chicken salad
with apple
for this recipe we used as
ingredients
two chicken breast, an apple
a small lettuce, mayo , ketchup
brandy,
in a pan
We will be putting the chicken breast
and 'll roast
but how much spend about two
minutes so that we are not running dry
depart lettuce
normal bits
and then we'll take the apple
already this washed
and we will be making cuts
we go troceandola
making it go smaller
remove the medium does not serve
and continue into small pieces
we will split it to
small square
as you can see now more or less
what size
chicken breast
already roasted and now will cut into strips
in a bowl prepare the cocktail sauce with about 3 tablespoons of mayones
and we will take the same amount of ketchup
a little lemon juice
a small scoop
a spoonful of brandy
is only because we mix and cocktail sauce
to place dish is very simple
We 'll put lettuce
Strips chicken breasts
cast over pink sauce
and also
apple
as you can see in the photo
final video or photo
to download this recipe
You can stop by the web
print or download
if you give me love like you
and if you want to follow
and keep up to date with new prescription
subscribe